Post-lecture changes to Docker slides (#142)
Simulation-Software-Engineering/Lecture-Material: 02_virtualization_and_containers/docker_demo.md

        - Remove all unused objects (images, containers...)
    - `docker logs ID/NAME`
        - Shows log files of container

>     - `docker commit ID USER/NAME:TAG`
>         - Commit a container to an image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `docker commit ID USER/NAME:TAG`
        - Create an image from a container
```
